Trying to make next-level more specific (#31)
OctopusDeploy/People: Software-Engineering.md

- I have a deep understanding of Octopus products and our strategy
- I identify significant problems, inhibitors and opportunities, and advocate for solutions that align our strategy and Engineering efforts
- I collaborate with others to articulate solutions, positively influence and convince that we should fund their implementation

> - My contributions are strategic and take our Engineering team, and Octopus as a whole, to the next level (as opposed to patching or extending existing, very often not fit for purpose anymore, solutions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- My contributions go beyond patching or extending existing solutions, which may not be fit for purpose anymore. They open up whole new areas of strategic possibility, to take our Engineering team, and Octopus as a whole, to the next level.
```

Author: 🥇
